Title: Recordi Di Italia
Date: Mon Nov 11 2010 09:29:46 GMT-0600 (CST)
Status: Draft
--META--

## Where I Discovered Passion

After a 17 hour flight that took me from Detroit, through Chicago, Boston and Frankfurt, I arrived at the airport in Florence, *Aeroporto di Firenze-Peretola*.  It was my first time traveling outside North America, and I was high on adrenaline.  So high that the seven hour time difference and the long chain of flights didn't even phase me.  I still remember those first few hours in Florence like it was yesterday.  Finding out that the friends I had made on the flight over were in fact my new roommates, getting a cab to the apartment we would be staying in, and finally, seeing The Duomo for the first time.  It was all very surreal.

When we arrived at the apartment, I was astonished.  We opened the door to the building and looked up to see a fresco, yep, right in the entrance was a faded out fresco, probably painted by a renaissance artist.  We walked up to our third floor apartment and were amazed to find a beautiful apartment with views overlooking the Arno and Palazzo Vecchio.  We looked down out of our front window and noticed tourists exiting the building directly across the street, so we pulled out our maps to see what it was.  Right in front of our building was the museum exit for the Uffizi.  It was unbelievable and well beyond what I expected.

Most of the new firends I had met decided to get some sleep before exploring, but not Ben and I, we took right off to explore.  We decided that the first thing we should do to get out barrings was find our way to the school where we would be studying.  So we set off with our maps in hand to find our route to Studio Art Centers International, or SACI, and what a route it was.  Our first stop was only two blocks away, the Loggia, which sits in the Piazza della Signoria.  These sculptures on display in-front of Palazzo Vecchio are still some of my favorites despite having seen *David*, the *Pieta*, and *The Metamorphosis*.  After we sat for a few minutes just looking up at *Perseus and Medusa* we moved on down Via dei Calzaiuoli toward Piazza del Duomo.  We walked right past the Gates to Paradise that first time without even noticing them because we were too overwhelmed by the visage of the Duomo.  Through "an alley" called Via Ferdinando Zannetti, past a small square and a few more blocks and we found the school.

That first day was full of exploring, but it was just the start of how this experience really shaped who I am today.  Until traveling to Italy, I had only been exposed to the culture and sights of the United States and Canada.  A limited experience to say the least.  So I really had no idea what to expect from the cultural differences.  What I found was an amazingly rich and **VERY** different outlook on life.  One of the things I learned is that Italians feel like the have seen everything.  And they can rightfully say they have, since they have one of the longest histories of western culture.  A consequence of this feeling is a relaxed attitude that exudes "I can handle this".  A few weeks into my time in Florence I had a conversation with an employee at the local café.  He informed me that the government had dissolved.  The constitution on which their government was based had been rejected and they were operating without a government.  In my naivety I was shocked, and asked how things were working without a government.  His nonchalant answer was, "Allora, non fare la differenza per me," I asked him to translate that.  "Doesn't make a difference to me," he replied.  Over the next four months the Italian government negotiated and finally reinstated itself right before I left.  The entire time the people kept on living life like nothing important was in the works.

I slowly settled into the rhythm of life in Florence, after a few weeks I started wearing headphones while I walked to class.  I was getting used to the sights and sounds of Florence, I didn't need to listen to all of the Italian conversations going on around me, nor did I need to acclimatize to the lack of automobile noise.  I was starting to feel like I actually lived and belonged in Florence.  I was learning Italian, and so could speak with the people I met relatively well, I knew where I was going and traded in the backpack for a messenger style bag.  I really noticed the transformation when Italians stoped hesitating when speaking Italian to me, and just galloped off straight into questions in Italian.  I was nowhere near fluent, and could barely keep up most of the time, but it was wildly fun.  Near the end of my stay I was stopped by a small group of Italians asking directions.  I had to apologize and explain that I was not a local, and in fact was American.  We laughed and they told me they were from Rome on vacation, and it turned out I did know where they were going, so I gave them directions.  

My classes were in full swing and I was immersed in making art for my Ceramics and Photography classes.  I spent a lot of time just wandering around trying to get some good pictures.  But one of my favorite places to sit was on the Ponte Santa Trinita.  This bridge is the one just west of the Ponte Vecchio, and has support pillars that jut out from the top of the bridge.  The first time I crossed the bridge while taking pictures I noticed a guy sitting out on the pillar playing an acoustic guitar.  No one was listening as he serenaded the Arno, so I just climbed over the ledge and joined him.  I figured since he was out there making his art I would take some time and do some of my own.  So I took out my journal and sketched a small picture of the Ponte Vecchio.  After that I came to this bridge almost once a week. 

One of my friends from Albion was studying in Ireland at the time and came to visit for a weekend.  I decided to take him out onto Ponte Santa Trinita for one of the sunnier days he was there.  While we were out on the bridge, a group of teenagers asked if they could join us.  What surprised us more than the case of beer they carried was their British accents.  It turns out they were a groups of high school kids on a school trip.  We asked how the group of 15 and 16 year olds managed to end up on the bridge with us with a case of beer.  They told us how they had sneaked away while the group was at lunch, and decided to take advantage of the Italians lax attitude to have a drink in public, underage.  Despite the shared language, we had almost as much trouble communicating with these kids because the level of British teenager slang was impressive.  At one point in the conversation I asked the meaning of one of the words they were using, "tiddy".  "Ya know, like crackin'," they tried to explain, which might have worked if I understood what crackin' meant.

One of my favorite parts about loitering around in popular public places was encounters like the one I had with the British students.  One night I was hanging out on the steps of the Loggia, just looking at the sculptures as they were lit up at night.  A singer started playing on the corner in front of the Uffizi entrance and while I was sitting there a guy came up and asked if I had a lighter; In Italian.  Having no idea what he actually said I asked if he spoke English.  At which point he converted to English and asked where I was from.  "US, Michigan," I said as he invited his friends to join us while explaining that he was half Italian and half German.  He introduced me to one guy and said, "Watch out, you guys are like enemies."  My new acquaintance was Iraqi, and proceeded to laugh and shake my hand.  We talked about how American opinion was generally against the war in Iraq and how I specifically did not like Bush as a President.  My half German acquaintance translated that America was "Di due coursi", of two minds, a term I learned in this conversation, about these topics.  It was especially fun because both he and their other friend, who was North African, did not speak much English.  So we used my broken Italian and the Italian/German guys English to try and translate the tri-lingual conversation.  Living in the US I had always been taught about how diverse our country is, but it was at that moment that I really learned what diversity means and how segregated our country really is.

One of my goals as a study abroad student was to really try and immerse myself in the city that I lived in.  This was one of the reasons I chose Florence, because it had one the most rich artistic cultures of any city I could choose.  So I decided not to travel around much for the first two months, and spent most of my free time doing all of the things I could within walking or biking distance.  Yes, I bought a bike while I was there, great idea!  Anyway, I was required to take one of two class trips to Rome for my Art History class, and I had heard that the professor led a "death march" across the city.  Even bathroom breaks were limited.  To avoid the "Death March", I decided that I would try and cheat the system by going on both trips and skipping half of the events each time.  It turned out I was not allowed to sign up for both, so I just hopped a train anyway.  I planned on finding a hostel when I got there, or just sleeping on the floor of someone who was on the school approved trip.  Three hours later I was in Rome.

Rome was astounding.  I wandered for hours, walked up the river, wandered from modern and upscale business districts to historical palaces and fortresses.  I was absolutely overwhelmed.  And it only became more intense when I joined the school trip outside the Vatican.  Church after cathedral after chapel, I think I saw more religious iconography than I thought could exist in the world.  We visited the Pantheon, Clementine Chappel (where St. Peter was crucified) and the Spanish Steps.  But, my favorite by far was the Forum and Colosseum.  Walking among the ruins of western civilizations most illustrious empire was like stepping back in time.  I could picture the victory processions of Roman Legions marching in to listen to the Emperor's speeches.  I pictured what the Colosseum must have looked like when full (surprisingly like an American football stadium).  We walked up the Palatine hill and stopped in an oval shaped palazzo with a statue of Marcus Aurelius.  Here our professor pointed to a landmark from each century back to the first century BC.  I had never been so surrounded by history, our American history pales in comparison.

I could ramble on for hours about these little excursions with our Art History class, but that was only a small part of my experience in Italy.  One of the most interesting things I had to do was find the supplies for my artistic endeavors.  Which involved going to local shops selling lighting and scrap metal.  Unlike the tourist locations, these shop owners did not keep English speaking staff, so it was up to my three months of learning Italian to find what I wanted.  The metal vendor I found on the south side of the Arno was a gruff man with a store piled high with everything from bikes to i-beams.  I expressed my need for just some small scraps and he asked me to point to the things I wanted.  I walked out with five or six rusty pieces of metal for an even twenty Euro, what I imagine is a bit over the going rate of scraps.  The lighting store was a bit more involved, since I didn't actually know anything about the electronics behind lights.  I ended up making 3 or 4 trips out to that store, and showed the attendant my drawings for my project.  It was fun to try and explain my project in Italian so that the shop keeper could help me make the right decisions.  Luckily they were very patient and helped me get all of the parts I needed to pull of my sculptures.

I found that most of the Italians that I interacted with were very friendly and helpful.  But one night in Rome we had a difference experience.  One of our apartment mates was a Brazilian guy name Thiago.  Thiago had been making a tour of Europe studying in different cities.  In one of the other places, London I think, he had made friends with Sabrina, a native of Rome.  So she met up with us and we all went out to grab some dinner.  One of the interesting differences between Italian dining etiquette and ours is how people split the check.  Where us Americans generally split based on the price of our meal, Italians traditionally just divide it up evenly.  So when we got the check, we proceeded to tally up how much each of us owed, but we ended up about one hundred Euro short.  Needless to say we were surprised, so Sabrina asked the waiter why the total was wrong.  After a few exchanges, their tones started to escalate, and then the waiter just turned around and walked away.  Sabrina explained to us that the waiter, who it also happened was the owner of the establishment, had said, "They are American, why should they pay the same as us Italians?"  It was quite an experience since it was one of the only times I was treated negatively for being an American, especially after Sabrina got into a yelling match with the proprietor.

I feel like I experienced most of northern Italy, traveling to Venice, Milan, Pisa, and a variety of Tuscan villages.  But one of my favorite areas, and one of the most beautiful, was Chinque Terre.  Of the five cities that make up Chinque Terre, I visited four.  These cities are open to pedestrian traffic only and are connected by trails along the cliffs.  It was toward the end of my stay there, so I had made some friends in my program who I went with.  We disembarked the train in the second most northerly village and planned to hike the trail as far as we could.  While the cities were mostly tourist attractions, the parts in between seemed to be mostly vineyards.  We saw quite a few locals tending the grape and olive trees, some so old seeming it was amazing they were walking, let alone tending a field.  This trip to the "Italian Rivera" was a great little getaway right before the end of my program.

Of the experiences I had during my time studying abroad I learned so much about myself that I was hardly able to recognize the person who came back.  When I left I was a floating, care free child who didn't have enough passion or drive to really invest in anything.  When I came back, I had filled in so many of the missing parts of who I wanted to be.  My friends and family may not have seen much of a difference despite the beard I cut off and the extra bit of energy I had when talking about my travels, but it was there in they way I worked.  My travels in Europe helped me realize all of the things I wanted to do in my life.  I left feeling like I had experienced such a small portion of what was left to explore.  All that I wanted to do was see more things, and travel to more places.  To do that, I realized I needed to work hard and setup my life in a way that enabled those achievements, and since then, that I all I have worked for.  The passion that I found for these experiences has flowed over into all that I do, and I still find myself talking more about this 6 months than any other time of my life.  








